This folder contains analysis scripts that can be used to analyze the behavior of different detectors.

Use this workflow to analyze the results Maat produces. This assumes you ran Maat on the cluster using the provided `job.moab` script.
 - copy the result `.tgz` files into `./download/`
 - run `extract.sh download input`, which extracts the JSON log of each sim to a folder `./input/`
 - create the folder `with_gt`
 - use the `appendGT.py` script to pre-process the data by reducing the simulation to a single GT file (stored in `./with_gt/`)
   - use `--source input --destination with_gt` as the default arguments
   - this script requires the `.sca` file from the simulation, as well as `GroundTruthJSONlog.json` (simulation) and the results files `results-XXX.json` generated by Maat; `job.moab` and `extract.sh` normally produce the output expected by `appendGT.py`.
   - the file name of the SCA file is currently used to parse some of the parameters
 - use `overall_recall_precision.py` to generate graphs (in `./graphs/`) that show precision/recall graphs per detector per simulation.
   - if necessary, customize this script to aggregate more data (e.g., multiple similar runs)
   - note that this script treats all interactions in the simulation equally: it just counts the amount of FP/FN/TP/TNs in the entire simulation.
   - this means that stateful detectors may be significantly affected by the length of the simulation and the contact times between vehicles (or the overall degree of connectivity/communication).
 - use `sim_gini.py` to generate graphs (in `./gini-graphs/`) that show how equally distributed the FP/FNs are over all the vehicles, in dependence of the threshold of the mechanism.
   - these graphs can still be polished a lot, but they show all the basic data collected.


 - `gini.py` is a helper script that computes the Gini coefficient of a given numpy array.
 - `vehicular_weight` is a deprecated script that generates weight graphs (basically the graphs that led to the use of the gini coefficient as a metric)

